Revamp ITR documentation (#17286)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/intelligent_test_runner/swift.md

---
title: Intelligent Test Runner for Swift
kind: documentation
aliases:
  - /continuous_integration/intelligent_test_runner/swift
further_reading:
    - link: "/continuous_integration/tests"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Explore Test Results and Performance"
    - link: "/continuous_integration/troubleshooting/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting CI"
---

## Compatibility

Intelligent Test Runner is only supported on `dd-sdk-swift>= 2.2.0`.

## Setup

> Prior to setting up Intelligent Test Runner, you must have finished setting up [Test Visibility for Swift][1]. The Code Coverage option must also be enabled in the test settings of your scheme or test plan, or --enable-code-coverage must be added to your swift test command (if using a SPM target).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to setting up Intelligent Test Runner, set up [Test Visibility for Swift][1]. The **code coverage** option must also be enabled in the test settings of your scheme or test plan, or --enable-code-coverage must be added to your Swift test command (if using a SPM target).
```

> If you are reporting data through the Datadog Agent you need to use v6.40+/v7.40+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are reporting data through the Agent, use v6.40+/v7.40+.
```

> To enable Intelligent Test Runner, the following environment variables need to be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Intelligent Test Runner, set the following environment variables:
```
